bpo-39548: Fix handling of 'WWW-Authenticate' header for Digest Auth (#18338)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-02-06-05-33-52.bpo-39548.DF4FFe.rst

> Fix handling of 'WWW-Authenticate' header when the optional 'qop' parameter

Reviewer: This can be a bit richer:

```suggestion
Fix handling of header in :class:`urllib.request.AbstractDigestAuthHandler` when the optional ``qop`` parameter
```

Author: Much better. Thank you, Brandt!
